Google One-Tap (#177)
vtex-apps/login: docs/README.md

| `accountOptionsButtonBehavior`                     | `Enum`    | Set account options button behavior. `"popover"` for popover, `"link"` for a link to the `/account` page | "popover"     |
| `accountOptionLinks`                               | `Array`   | Determines more specific account option links to replace the `My Account` link.<br>Each array element is an object with the properties:<br><ul><li>`label` [`string`] - Link text</li><li>`path` [`string`] - Relative path to where the link leads</li><li>`cssClass` [`string`] - CSS class the link receives</li></ul>                           | -             |
| `termsAndConditions`                               | `String`  | Sets a markdown text below the login options, meant to warn the user about terms & conditions            | -             |

> | `hasGoogleOneTap`                                  | `Boolean` | **This is an EXPERIMENTAL feature**.<br>Enables [Google's One-tap sign-up and auto sign-in](https://developers.google.com/identity/one-tap/web/) | -             |
> | `googleOneTapAlignment`                            | `Enum`    | **This is an EXPERIMENTAL feature**.<br>Sets Google One-tap pop-up alignment. The values supported are `"Left"` and `"Right"` | "Right"       |
> | `googleOneTapMarginTop`                             | `String`  | **This is an EXPERIMENTAL feature**.<br>Sets Google One-tap pop-up top margin. The values supported are the same as the CSS property `top`. | "3rem"       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hasGoogleOneTap`   | `boolean` | ![https://img.shields.io/badge/-Beta-red](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Beta-red) Defines whether the [Google's One-tap sign-up and auto sign-in](https://developers.google.com/identity/one-tap/web/) solution is enabled (`true`) or not (`false`) .  |  `false`  |
| `googleOneTapAlignment`     | `enum`    |  ![https://img.shields.io/badge/-Beta-red](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Beta-red) Defines pop-up alignment for the Google One-tap login. Possible values are `Left` and `Right`. | `Right`    |
| `googleOneTapMarginTop`  | `string`  | ![https://img.shields.io/badge/-Beta-red](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Beta-red) Defines the pop-up top margin for the Google One-tap login. The values supported are the same supported by the CSS property `top`. | `3rem`       |
```

Reviewer: "The values supported are the same supported by the CSS property" We could add here the possible values then. I don't understand how this is a `string` prop if there are pre-defined values by the CSS property

Author: @guerreirobeatriz the reason why I do not specify the possible value is that the `top` CSS property has many, many possible values, such as `auto`, `initial`, `inherit`, `60px`, `3%`, `3em`, `2rem`, etc.
You can read more about it [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/pt-BR/docs/Web/CSS/top). Maybe we could link this MDN article in the doc.
